Taking this opportunity to say good-bye to everyone who has made me smile here over the last 2.5 years, as today is my last working day at Viatris.
I am thankful for having this wonderful opportunity to work with you all in Viatris. 
This Work place has given me memories which can never be erased from my heart.

I would like to thank Ashok Anna, You have always been there for me whenever I needed, standing by my side like a true Friend.
From sharing countless shifts to creating unforgettable memories, every moment spent working together has been special.
You were very helpful in my early days. You provided the best KT, and it’s your guidance that has shaped my confidence today. 
More than a colleague, you have been a true friend always supportive, especially in my hardest times.
I will truly miss your companionship and partnership. Thank you for everything, brother.

A big Thanks to my team members Naresh,Chida, Pedha Raju garu aka Prudhvi, chinna Raju garu aka Bala , Sudha and Washim
You all have been more than just teammates and I feel privileged to have been a part of this Ratnalu team
From day one, you never let me down and always stood by my side, helping me in every way possible
I can proudly say that our team is the perfect example of how a team should be cooperative, supportive, and always there for each other. 
The bond we share is something truly special.Thank you all for everything! I will miss working with you.

Heartfelt thanks to Surendra Anna and Praveen Anna and all the team members for supporting me all the time.

A Special thanks to Bhaskar anna, You stood by my side not just as a manager but as a mentor during my difficult times. 
Your care for the team and flexibility in allowing me to work in a way as per my requirements have meant so much to me.
You were always available even in late hours to lead us through tough issues and I feel incredibly lucky to have worked under your leadership. 
I will always pray that I will get a person like you everywhere in my whole career. 


And, Last but not the least special thanks to my mentors and leaders Arvind Sir and Prosun Sir,
Your leadership has been truly inspiring to everyone, and I feel very grateful to have worked under your guidance.
It is because of your mentor ship and support that I have grown in the best way possible, gaining the confidence that if I can work here, I can succeed anywhere.


Please accept my sincere apologies if my behavior was disheartening to any one at any point of time. 
Wishing good luck & success to all the team members. 
